Update json.md (#45293)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/data-types/json.md

# JSON

:::warning

> This feature is experimental and is not production ready. If you need to work with JSON document, consider using [this guide](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/guides/developer/working-with-json) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is experimental and is not production ready. If you need to work with JSON documents, consider using [this guide](/docs/en/guides/developer/working-with-json/json-load-data.md) instead.
```
